Copyright 2019-2020 Crown Copyright

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

# Contents and components

A list of the components, services, modules and other files contained in the
analytic-ui/src/app folder. (tests and .spec.ts files have not been included, as their purpose of testing is implicit).


- **analytics** - The analytics screen, displaying a grid of analytic components each of which corresponds to an analytic created in the restAPI.
  - **analytic** - The files representing each analytic, which creates a card with the title of said analytic, an icon, and fills in with a specified colour. When clicked, this then calls services which populate the parameters page, which is subsequently navigated to.
  - **interfaces** - Typescript interfaces made to mirror the java classes used in the execution of analytics
  - **analytic-filter** - A custom filter pipe used in filtering the analytics so the user can search for a specific one
  - **analytic-store.service** - Used to get and set the analytic for the analytics service from the front end, to keep analytics service stateless.
  - **analytics.service** - Used to load analytics from the REST API, store the chosen analytic, and execute the analytic.
- **nav** - Holds the overall layout of the final product, including the toolbar and home button/title at the top, and the component display/page content area.
- **parameters** - The parameter input screen, which contains the operation component, and the execute button which allows the user to execute the analytic.
  - **operation** - The component on the parameter input screen where the user enters their parameters, including seeds, date ranges and other inputs necessary for the running of their chosen analytic.
  - **parameter-form** - Used in the operation component to allow the generation of the inputs necessary user to give inputs for each of the parameters on their chosen analytic.
  - **parameter-page** - The parameter input screen, which contains the operation component, and the execute button which allows the user to execute the analytic.
- **results** - The screen which displays whatever type of result is returned from the analytic.
  - **html** - A display for HTML returned from an analytic.
  - **table** - A display for the table of results generated by the executed analytic.
- **services**
  - **test** - Holds the data of a test analytic used in tests.
  - **endpoint.service.ts** - Holds the URL of the restAPI.
  - **error.service.ts** - Used to create toast notifications when errors occur.
  - **query.service.ts** - Sends a http request to the REST API to execute the final analytic.
  - **results.service.ts** - Used to store the results of the analytic operation and to update and clear the table of results.
- **app-routing.module.ts** - Where the different routes/urls of the different pages are defined/generated.
- **app.component** - The root app component.
- **app.module.ts** - Where all of the components, services and other imported modules used in the app are defined.
