---
description: >-
  A list of the components, services, modules and other files contained in the
  newui/src/main/webapp/app folder
---

# Contents and components

* **about** - The about page, where the user can get more help and information using links to the restAPI and documentation, as well as open their email client to send feedback on the product.
* **analytic** - The files representing each analytic, which creates a card with the title of said analytic, an icon, and fills in with a specified colour.
* **analytics** - The analytics screen, displaying a grid of analytic components each of which corresponds to an analytic from the restAPI.
* **config**
  * **config.service.ts** - Used to load and get the config
  * **default-rest-endpoint.service.ts** - Holds the URL of the restAPI
* **dynamic-input**
  * **common.service.ts** - Common functions that are used in various places
  * **error.service.ts** - Used to create toast notifications when errors occur
  * **events.service.ts**
* **g**
  * **analytics.service.ts** - Used to load analytics from the restAPI, store the chosen analytic, and execute the analytic.
  * **query.service.ts** - Sends a http request to the restAPI to execute the final analytic.
  * **results.service.ts** - Used to store the results of the analytic operation and to update and clear the table of results.
  * **schema.service.ts** - Used to get the schema from the restAPI, update it, and store it.
  * **type.service.ts**
* **nav** - Holds the overall layout of the final product, including the toolbar and tabs at the top, and the component display/page content area.
* **operation** - The component on the parameter input screen where the user enters their parameters, including seeds, date ranges and other inputs necessary for the running of their chosen analytic.
* **parameter-form** - Used in the operation component to allow the generate the inputs necessary user to give inputs for each of the parameters on their chosen analytic.
* **parameter-input** - The parameter input screen, which contains the operation component, and the execute button which allows the user to execute the analytic.
* **table** - The results screen and the card which hold the table of results generated by the executed analytic
* **app-routing.module.ts** - Where the different routes/urls of the different pages are defined.
* **app.component** - The root app component
* **app.module.ts** - Where all of the components, services and other imported modules used in the app are defined.
* **material.module.ts** - Included so that any angular material components can be used without adding more imports.

